Address suggestions from review (#7)
sunpy/sunpy-frontiers-paper: sections/2-code.tex

The \sunpypkg package is the central pillar of the \sunpyproj \citep{sunpy_community2020} and is designed to provide the fundamental tools for accessing, loading, and interacting with solar physics data in Python.
The primary components of the \sunpypkg package are summarized graphically in \autoref{fig:sunpy-core-summary} and described briefly in the following paragraphs.
For a more in-depth description of each of these components, see \citet[Section 4]{sunpy_community2020}.

> \added[id=NF]{information on the Application Programming Interface for \sunpypkg is provided by the documentation}\footnote{https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/}.

Author: How do we feel about this?

> \added[id=NF]{information on the Application Programming Interface for \sunpypkg is provided by the documentation}\footnote{https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/}.

Author: ```suggestion
\added[id=NF]{The \sunpypkg provides detailed Application Programming Interface (API) documentation}\footnote{https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/}.
```

> \added[id=NF]{Additionally, the full description of the \sunpypkg Application Programming Interface (API) is provided in the hosted online documentation}\footnote{https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/}.

Author: ```suggestion
\added[id=NF]{If one desires the Application Programming Interface of \sunpypkg, this is provided in the documentation}\footnote{https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/}.
```

Shorter at least?

Reviewer: I am not a fan of that wording

Author: Hmm, ok. Let me try again.

\subsubsection{Release Schedule}
\label{sssec:release-schedule}

There is a new release of the core package with feature enhancements approximately every six months.
Every other release is designated a long term support (LTS) release and receives bug fixes for a year rather than for six months.
Additionally, there are bug fix releases every month.
\added[id=WTB]{For each release a digital object identifier (DOI) is automatically generated and a record is created on Zenodo.}\footnote{The most current release on Zenodo can be found here: \url{https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.7314636}}
\added[id=WTB]{By providing regularly scheduled, versioned releases of \sunpypkg, the \sunpyproj enables reproducibility.
For example, if a researcher is attempting to reproduce a result from a paper that used \sunpypkg v2.0.2, she can create a new virtual environment and install that exact version of \sunpypkg, even if the current version is many versions ahead of v2.0.2.}

> \added[id=WTB]{This release process is completely automated through GitHub Actions.}\footnote{The \github Actions templates used are available here: \url{https://github.com/OpenAstronomy/github-actions-workflows}}

Author: ```suggestion
\added[id=WTB]{This release process is completely automated through \github Actions.}\footnote{The \github Actions templates used are available here: \url{https://github.com/OpenAstronomy/github-actions-workflows}}
```

    \label{fig:sunpy-core-summary}
\end{figure}

\subsubsection{Components of the Core Package}
\label{sssec:components-of-the-core-package}

To search for and download data, \sunpypkg provides the \Fido interface for searching across a variety of data providers (e.g., the Virtual Solar Observatory (VSO)\footnote{\url{https://sdac.virtualsolar.org/cgi/search}}, or the Joint Science Operations Center (JSOC)\footnote{\url{http://jsoc.stanford.edu}}) maintained within the solar community.
\added[id=WTB]{A complete list of all supported data sources is provided in the documentation for using \Fido}\footnote{\url{https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/guide/acquiring_data/fido.html}}.

> \added[id=WTB]{Section 4.1.1 of} \citep{sunpy_community2020} \added[id=WTB]{also provides a more detailed discussion of the data sources that \Fido searches by default.}

Author: ```suggestion
\added[id=WTB]{Whereas, Section 4.1.1 of} \citep{sunpy_community2020} \added[id=WTB]{also provides a more detailed discussion of the data sources that \Fido searches by default.}
```

\added[id=WTB]{Additionally, \Fido can also be extended to search additional data sources that may not be included in \sunpypkg (e.g. the Solar Orbiter Archive, see} \autoref{sssec:current-ecosystem}).
As illustrated in the leftmost column of \autoref{fig:sunpy-core-summary}, attributes such as time, wavelength, and instrument name, among others, can be used to filter these search results.
By providing a single interface to many disparate data sources, \sunpypkg, via \Fido, easily enables multi-instrument research workflows.

> Once a user has downloaded data, the \code{TimeSeries} and \code{Map} data objects can be used to load time series and two-dimensional image data, respectively.

Author: Are not all the 2D image data, coordinate aware?

In the case of \code{Map}, a World Coordinate System \citep[WCS, e.g.,][]{greisen_representations_2002} is also constructed from the associated metadata to enable easy mapping between pixel and world coordinates via \astropypkg.

Additionally, by extending the \astropypkg coordinates framework \citep[see Section 3.3 of][for more details]{the_astropy_collaboration_astropy_2018}, \sunpypkg provides definitions of, and transformations between, common solar coordinate systems.
Coordinates expressed using these frames can be used to represent the positional information of solar features and events. \sunpypkg implements both observer-dependent (e.g., \hpc) and observer-independent (e.g., \hgs) coordinate frames \citep{thompson_coordinate_2006}.
Each \code{Map} object instance also carries with it the corresponding coordinate frame of that image and the coordinate of the observer as defined by the position of the observatory given in the associated metadata.

\subsubsection{Testing Infrastructure}
\label{sssec:testing-infrastructure}

> \added[id=WTB]{\sunpypkg includes thousands of unit and integration tests that are run using the \code{pytest} testing framework as well as \code{tox} for ensuring tests are run in isolated environments.
> This test suite also includes tests of the documentation.
> This test suite is run on every pull request opened on the \sunpypkg \github using \github Actions to ensure that contributions to the codebase do not lead to unexpected regressions.
> Additionally, we also make use of the Circle CI platform.
> A full description of our testing practices can be found in our developer documentation.}\footnote{A complete guide to running the tests and the associated infrastructure can be found here:\url{https://docs.sunpy.org/en/latest/dev_guide/contents/tests.html}}

Author: ```suggestion
\added[id=WTB]{\sunpypkg includes thousands of unit and integration tests that are run using the \code{pytest} testing framework and includes tests of the documentation.
This test suite is run on every pull request opened on the \sunpypkg \github using \github Actions to ensure that contributions to the codebase do not lead to unexpected regressions.
A full description of our testing practices can be found in our developer documentation.}\footnote{A complete guide to running the tests and the associated infrastructure can be found here:\url{https://docs.sunpy.org/en/latest/dev_guide/contents/tests.html}}
```

Author: I wanted to cut down some of the info.

\subsubsection{Release Schedule}
\label{sssec:release-schedule}

There is a new release of the core package with feature enhancements approximately every six months.
Every other release is designated a long term support (LTS) release and receives bug fixes for a year rather than for six months.
Additionally, there are bug fix releases every month.
\added[id=WTB]{For each release a digital object identifier (DOI) is automatically generated and a record is created on Zenodo.}\footnote{The most current release on Zenodo can be found here: \url{https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.7314636}}

> \added[id=WTB]{By providing regularly scheduled-scheduled, versioned releases of \sunpypkg, the \sunpyproj enables reproducibility.

Author: ```suggestion
\added[id=WTB]{By providing regularly scheduled, versioned releases of \sunpypkg, the \sunpyproj enables reproducibility.
```

> For example, if a researcher is attempting to reproduce a result from a paper that used sunpy v2.0.2, she can create a new virtual environment and install that exact version of sunpy, even if the current version is many versions ahead of v2.0.2.}

Author: ```suggestion
For example, if a researcher is attempting to reproduce a result from a paper that used \sunpypkg v2.0.2, she can create a new virtual environment and install that exact version of \sunpypkg, even if the current version is many versions ahead of v2.0.2.}
```
Maybe?

> \added[id=WTB]{This release process is completely automated through GitHub Actions.}\footnote{The \github Actions templates used by \sunpypkg and the affiliated packages within the \sunpyproj are available here: \url{https://github.com/OpenAstronomy/github-actions-workflows}}

Author: ```suggestion
\added[id=WTB]{This release process is completely automated through GitHub Actions.}\footnote{The \github Actions templates used are available here: \url{https://github.com/OpenAstronomy/github-actions-workflows}}
```

\added[id=WTB]{When a release is tagged, an action is triggered that tests the package on all supported versions of Python and all supported operating systems.

> If the packages build successfully, they are automatically uploaded to to Python Package Index (PyPi).

Author: ```suggestion
If the packages build successfully, they are automatically uploaded to to Python Package Index (PyPi) and subsequently the release is updated on \code{conda-forge}.}
```

> Subsequently, a PR is automatically opened on the \code{conda-forge} feedstock to upload the release to \code{conda-forge}.}

Author: ```suggestion
```

This relocation of the code allows the AIA instrument team to have full autonomy over their calibration routines and release updates to their software on a more frequent timescale than that of the \sunpypkg core package.
At the same time, \aiapypkg users and developers are able to take full advantage of the \sunpyproj ecosystem.

Outside of the current list of affiliated packages, current and future NASA and ESA missions \footnote{This includes, but is not limited to, the Interface Region Imaging Spectrometer (IRIS), several instruments on \textit{Solar Orbiter}, as well as the X-Ray Telescope (XRT) and the Extreme ultraviolet Imaging Spectrometer (EIS) onboard \textit{Hinode}}, as well as ground-based telescopes, such as the Daniel K. Inouye Solar Telescope (DKIST), have begun developing user tools for data analysis and/or pipelines for data calibration built on top of the \sunpy ecosystem.
While these packages are not yet affiliated, the \sunpyproj has assisted in coordinating development efforts between these teams in order to foster a more interoperable ecosystem.

> \added[id=NF]{As the number of \sunpyproj affiliated packages increases, it is important to consider how to ensure that the quality of the affiliated packages does not change.
> Quality is somewhat subjective when it comes to software, as the Application process below outlines, several metrics enable a cursory glance at the quality of a package.
> In the future (due to the Roses Grant), work will undertaken to automate the collection of these metrics and report them back to the wider community and we would like to start doing annual re-reviews of all affiliated packages.
> There is much work to be done on this front and we welcome any contributions to this effort.}

Author: ```suggestion
\added[id=NF]{The goal of the \sunpyproj is to slowly increase the number of affiliated packages.
This brings the challenge of ensuring that the quality of all affiliated packages never declines.
Quality is somewhat subjective when it comes to software, as the Application Process below outlines, several metrics enable a cursory glance at the quality of a package.
In the future (funded by a Roses Grant), automation of these metrics and collating more information on the \sunpyproj website is planned.
In addition, we would like to start doing annual re-reviews of all affiliated packages.
There is much work to be done on this front and we welcome any contributions to this effort.}
```

In all cases, the goal of the affiliated package review process is to broaden the ecosystem of tools for solar data analysis in Python.
These criteria are not meant to be exclusionary, but rather to ensure interoperability and consistency across the ecosystem for the benefit of both users and developers.

> \added[id=NF]{Interoperability, in this context, means that affiliated packages should make use of the existing \sunpypkg core data structures, (e.g., \code{Map} and \code{Timeseries}), wherever possible in lieu of their own custom data structures.

Author: ```suggestion
\added[id=NF]{Interoperability, in this context, means that affiliated packages should make use of the existing \sunpypkg core data structures, (e.g., \code{Map} and \code{Timeseries}), in lieu of their own custom data structures.
```

In all cases, the goal of the affiliated package review process is to broaden the ecosystem of tools for solar data analysis in Python.
These criteria are not meant to be exclusionary, but rather to ensure interoperability and consistency across the ecosystem for the benefit of both users and developers.

> \added[id=NF]{Interoperability, in this context, means that affiliated packages should make use of the existing \sunpypkg core data structures, (e.g., \code{Map} and \code{Timeseries}), in lieu of their own custom data structures.

Author: ```suggestion
\added[id=NF]{Interoperability in this context, means that affiliated packages should make use of the existing \sunpypkg core data structures, (e.g., \code{Map} and \code{Timeseries}), in lieu of their own custom data structures.
```

\end{itemize}

To demonstrate how several of the affiliated packages can be used together with \sunpypkg in a scientific workflow, we show an example in \autoref{fig:affiliated-package-showcase} of how coronal loop structures can be analyzed using potential magnetic field extrapolations and multi-point extreme ultraviolet (EUV) observations.

> \added[id=WTB]{We have included a Jupyter notebook that illustrates each step of this workflow in the GitHub repository that accompanies this paper.}\footnote{The GitHub repository for this paper, including the complete text and all code to generate Figure 2, can be found at \url{https://github.com/sunpy/sunpy-frontiers-paper}}

Author: ```suggestion
\added[id=WTB]{We have included a Jupyter notebook that illustrates each step of this workflow in the \github repository that accompanies this paper.}\footnote{The \github repository for this paper, including the complete text and all code to generate Figure 2, can be found at \url{https://github.com/sunpy/sunpy-frontiers-paper}}
```

> \added[id=WTB]{We have included a Jupyter notebook that illustrates each step of this workflow in the \github repository that accompanies this paper.}\footnote{The \github repository for this paper, including the complete text and all code to generate Figure 2, can be found at \url{https://github.com/sunpy/sunpy-frontiers-paper}}

Author: ```suggestion
\added[id=WTB]{We have included a Jupyter notebook that illustrates each step of this workflow in the \github repository that accompanies this paper.}\footnote{The \github repository for this paper, including the complete text and all code to generate Figure \autoref{fig:affiliated-package-showcase}, can be found at \url{https://github.com/sunpy/sunpy-frontiers-paper}}
```
I wonder if this will break the build.
